That's right, his whole family is dead!
how so?
No wonder, I went to Lao Li Touqiang before.
He also doesn’t let me eat his people or food,
Also, the one who helped him last time might have done something wrong.
That's how you know it.
Xiaoxun, don’t be tempted by him!
Dongxun, how did you arouse,
You are so big in my mouth, you are eighteen,
Is there no way to get rid of me?
If you don’t go, I won’t harm you! Husband and wife
You and we are destined
I moved when I was lonely
Your happiness after tonight
I can also touch flowers with the dragon who raised me
Don't worry, husband and wife
We'll be home soon, September, old man, September
Let go of my village chief